Docs 9549 - Updates for editorial review (#106)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/message-flows.adoc

> = Partner Manager Message Flows

Reviewer: What about them?
Can we make this title more precise?

Reviewer: "Message Processing Using Inbound and Outbound Message Flows"?

Author: This is an about topic and this matches the UI, so for now, I think it should stay. I will ask the PM.

> Create an inbound message flow to receive EDI transactions from your trading partner, transform, and then send the translated application message to your backend systems.

Reviewer: I think I have found a better wording to use globally for this:
```suggestion
Create an inbound message flow to receive and translate application messages from your partner and forward them to your backend systems:
```
(follow with diagram; skip all the repetitive text that follows:)

> The following diagram shows the inbound message configuration of an inbound message flow. The diagram also shows how Partner Manager’s message processing framework orchestrates the end-to-end routing and transformation of your inbound EDI transactions from your trading partners to your backend systems at runtime.

Reviewer: delete

Author: Done

image::inbound-message-flow.png[Inbound message flow configuration building blocks diagram]

|===

> |Setting |Description |Supported Formats/Protocols

Reviewer: GLOBALLY replace / with the best of either "and" or "or"
```suggestion
|Setting |Description |Supported Formats or Protocols
```

Author: Done

> |Receiving endpoint | The endpoint where the host receives transmissions from the trading partner. a|

Reviewer: ditto GLOBAL re. making description texts all fragments, without periods, or all sentences, with periods

Author: All sentences

* AS2
* SFTP

|Source message type |The message type to process for the message flow. a|
* EDI X12 formats
* EDI identifiers

|Transform |The DataWeave map used to transform EDI into XML or JSON formats. a|
* JSON
* XML

|Target message type |The format into which the DataWeave map transforms received messages. a|
* JSON
* XML

|Target endpoint |The final destination of a message flow. The target endpoint is defined by a host message type and endpoint, often a host API. a|
* SFTP
* HTTP
* HTTPS

|===

[[outbound-message-flow]]

> == Outbound Message Flows

Reviewer: ditto edits to Inbound Message Flows

Reviewer: GLOBALLY search for "back-end" and change it to "backend," per Term Presentation List.

Author: Done
